good morning sorry for the what have
that you've seen me so many times the
what had that I really shouldn't worry
[Music]
okay so it's about eight o'clock and
I've made my bed which is looking very
nice and cozy my room is a tiny bit
messy as you can see from when I packed
my bag just call my wax it out this
morning said I hate rock right on here
is my breakfast
it's just porridge but it's kind of oats
and Kea seeds but with water not milk
banana cinnamon kara and cacao nibs and
then I'm just gonna add some almond milk
on the top so I didn't actually mark my
place but this is where I got up too so
you don't need a bookmark
you know funnily enough when I was a kid
I would never use a bookmark I just
remember the page that I was on by the
way okay so I've got a hot water bottle
here because it's really cold I want to
keep my chest wound because of my cough
so that's what this is I'm on page 380
of Plato and the Socratic dialogue right
now not 283 page 320 and I've got 80
pages left it's currently 10 o'clock and
so I think I'm just gonna take a break
from this because I have been doing it
for quite a while
then just using you drive and there's
something I want to edit this video for
my friend for her birthday so I'm gonna
get started with doing that now just as
a break and then I will return to this
because I do want to finish it I'm going
to the health center with Liz in half an
hour so half of 10 so maybe I'll read
this when I get back from there I'm
running to such a tight schedule I've
got 20 minutes to get to the station and
get my own
everything trained that truly lives in
20 minutes so I basically did a 15
minute walk in five minutes and my taxi
isn't here on time so I don't even know
if I'm gonna make it
[Music]
lovely uh nostalgic
I'm here Paddington Station
match minute
meet my dad because we're gonna get back
home on the train together from London
so yeah just gonna get a tattoo
challenge
[Music]
and then you realize the audacity of
yesterday to go back - I definitely gave
us the news
I'm going to have a chat now I can't
take this step
University like the Sun
just gonna get the chena to
I'm here with my dad
you know injection Dan thinks my
Health's all sorted they didn't ask my
okay I am here at iHome and it's so
weird it actually feels quite strange
being at home I forgot how much I loved
my room and how nice my house was I'm
definitely gonna make the most out of
this weekend can you hear that my dad
just goes nice wheels because I leave it
just got a new Jeep which is quite cool
so they've gone round for a Jeep
celebration party so this evening I've
got one of my best friends I've got
three closest friends and I'm seeing two
of them this weekend so one of them is
coming round really really soon it's
like I've got Natasha in me coming round
and I'm so excited to see them both even
though it's literally been two weeks
since I've seen them but it still feels
like so much longer and I'm just so glad
that they agreed to come round
so I've officially finished as well the
movie for my friend's birthday tomorrow
I'll get that burnt and sent off like
I'll put it on a DVD or something for
her and also one thing I need to do
probably before my friends get here is
actually edit today's vlog which will go
up because I actually didn't upload one
yesterday very stupidly though I didn't
bring my GoPro back home with me and so
I've got some footage on that camera
which I haven't exported so I'm just
gonna have to upload the vlog without
some footage which is so annoying
because I think I've edited these last
few vlogs primarily with the GoPro which
is so annoying but it's fine it's fine
Oh crumbs
so I'm back home and I am here with two
favorite people and I'm so glad that
they were actually brewed today because
they could come and see me tonight while
I'm home but I'm here with Natasha I
will sit in me who's filming at the
moment
hi Lola she's gonna scratch that to one
naughties
[Music]